README.md, before:

﻿# vk-workflow-kit

A tiny CLI that glues together:

- **OpenSpec** (spec-driven development artifacts)
- **Superpowers** (prompted planning + TDD execution discipline)
- **Vibe Kanban** (safe AI execution with task boards, worktrees, and review)

The goal: in a fresh repo, run a single command to get a usable spec+planning workflow, plus a set of Vibe Kanban `@tags` that standardize PRDs/prompts.

## Quickstart

### 1) Bootstrap OpenSpec + workflow files

From your target project repo:

```bash
npx -y vk-workflow-kit init
```

### 2) Seed Vibe Kanban tags

Start Vibe Kanban, then:

```bash
npx -y vk-workflow-kit seed-tags
```

If Vibe Kanban is not running on the default port, set:

```bash
export VIBE_BACKEND_URL=http://127.0.0.1:PORT
```

### 3) Use tags in tasks

In Vibe Kanban task descriptions (or via MCP `create_task`), use:

- `@openspec_prd`
- `@vkflow_plan`
- `@vkflow_tasks_format`
- `@superpowers_tdd`

## CLI

- `vkflow init [--tools <openspec-tools>] [--seed-tags] [--vk-url <url>]`
- `vkflow seed-tags [--vk-url <url>] [--no-overwrite]`
- `vkflow import-change --change <name> --project-id <uuid> [--vk-url <url>] [--dry-run]`

## License

MIT. See `LICENSE`.

Commit message:

import-change: project selection + idempotent import

README.md, after:

﻿# vk-workflow-kit

A tiny CLI that glues together:

- **OpenSpec** (spec-driven development artifacts)
- **Superpowers** (prompted planning + TDD execution discipline)
- **Vibe Kanban** (safe AI execution with task boards, worktrees, and review)

The goal: in a fresh repo, run a single command to get a usable spec+planning workflow, plus a set of Vibe Kanban `@tags` that standardize PRDs/prompts.

## Quickstart

### 1) Bootstrap OpenSpec + workflow files

From your target project repo:

```bash
npx -y vk-workflow-kit init
```

### 2) Seed Vibe Kanban tags

Start Vibe Kanban, then:

```bash
npx -y vk-workflow-kit seed-tags
```

If Vibe Kanban is not running on the default port, set:

```bash
export VIBE_BACKEND_URL=http://127.0.0.1:PORT
```

### 3) Use tags in tasks

In Vibe Kanban task descriptions (or via MCP `create_task`), use:

- `@openspec_prd`
- `@vkflow_plan`
- `@vkflow_tasks_format`
- `@superpowers_tdd`

## CLI

- `vkflow init [--tools <openspec-tools>] [--seed-tags] [--vk-url <url>]`
- `vkflow seed-tags [--vk-url <url>] [--no-overwrite]`
- `vkflow import-change --change <name> [--project-id <uuid> | --project <name>] [--vk-url <url>] [--dry-run] [--allow-duplicates]`

Notes:
- If `--project-id` is omitted, `import-change` will **prompt you to select** a Vibe Kanban project.
- Imports are **idempotent by default**: re-running `import-change` will skip tasks already imported for the same change. Use `--allow-duplicates` to force re-import.

## License

MIT. See `LICENSE`.
